README.md, before:

# Blackbird.io Smartcat

Blackbird is the new automation backbone for the language technology industry. Blackbird provides enterprise-scale automation and orchestration with a simple no-code/low-code platform. Blackbird enables ambitious organizations to identify, vet and automate as many processes as possible. Not just localization workflows, but any business and IT process. This repository represents an application that is deployable on Blackbird and usable inside the workflow editor.

## Introduction

<!-- begin docs -->

Smartcat is a cloud-based translation and localization platform designed to streamline and automate the translation process. It combines a translation management system (TMS), a computer-assisted translation (CAT) tool, and a marketplace for translators and linguists.

## Actions

### Projects

- **Create project**  Create a new project
- **Delete project**  Delete a specific project
- **Get project** Get specific project
- **Get project statistics**  Gets statistics for the specified project
- **List projects** List all projects in the account
- **Update project**  Update project info

### Tasks

- **Get task**  Get specific project task
- **List project tasks**  List all project tasks

### Files

- **Download file** Download specific project file
- **Upload file** Add file to project files

## Events

- **On document status changed** Triggered when status of the specific document changed
- **On project status changed** Triggered when status of the specific project changed
- **On translation XLIFF import completed** Triggered when XLIFF translation of the specific document completed

## Feedback

Do you want to use this app or do you have feedback on our implementation? Reach out to us using the [established channels](https://www.blackbird.io/) or create an issue.

<!-- end docs -->

Commit message:

Added List files in project

README.md, after:

# Blackbird.io Smartcat

Blackbird is the new automation backbone for the language technology industry. Blackbird provides enterprise-scale automation and orchestration with a simple no-code/low-code platform. Blackbird enables ambitious organizations to identify, vet and automate as many processes as possible. Not just localization workflows, but any business and IT process. This repository represents an application that is deployable on Blackbird and usable inside the workflow editor.

## Introduction

<!-- begin docs -->

Smartcat is a cloud-based translation and localization platform designed to streamline and automate the translation process. It combines a translation management system (TMS), a computer-assisted translation (CAT) tool, and a marketplace for translators and linguists.

## Actions

### Projects

- **Create project**  Create a new project
- **Delete project**  Delete a specific project
- **Get project** Get specific project
- **Get project statistics**  Gets statistics for the specified project
- **List projects** List all projects in the account
- **List files in a project** List all files in a project
- **Update project**  Update project info

### Tasks

- **Get task**  Get specific project task
- **List project tasks**  List all project tasks

### Files

- **Download file** Download specific project file
- **Upload file** Add file to project files

## Events

- **On document status changed** Triggered when status of the specific document changed
- **On project status changed** Triggered when status of the specific project changed
- **On translation XLIFF import completed** Triggered when XLIFF translation of the specific document completed

## Feedback

Do you want to use this app or do you have feedback on our implementation? Reach out to us using the [established channels](https://www.blackbird.io/) or create an issue.

<!-- end docs -->
